---
title: Birth of Blog
date: 2025-05-24
# Some issue with the time zone causing it to be a day off
categories:
    - Website
    - yapping
tags: post
layout: blog
---
# The birth of a blog <3

This is the first ever official blog post on this website. I've been working on this website for easily over a year on and off again. Trying to make it from scratch has felt like a huge project and I'm glad to have made it this far!


Since I've deleted all my social media I wanted a little portion of the internet to call my own and archive my hobbies and life, and a blog felt so natural and fun as a project so I just decided to go for it. I've always like old-school internet stuff, scene culture, and subcultures and blogs are the perfect example of it all. I hope that those that come across it either love the design as much as I loved to make it (and cried) or that you support me in my designs <3.


The website so far is designed using 11ty as the hosting software, nunjucks for the architecture, a little bit of javascript, and quite a bit of html and css. To me this a pretty bare-bones infrastructue in order to better understand the process and hopefully add more personal touches to the website over time. I hope to one day know this website and its code like the back of my hand.


This is probably my second attempt at designing a website from scratch. The first one I had followed a tutorial for the entire process and it was honestly too advanced for me that hasn't touched HTML much if at all before this project. I decided to start over and made this one. It took me even longer to decide how to create and format the blog portion of the website. I faced so many challenges while making the website. From trying to overengineer it to having logs and a comment system and accounts, to trying to set up an infrastructure that changes size based on changing a tab size.


Each new addition felt like a mountain that I had to overcome, but I found a solution. Although it might seem counter-intuitive my solution was simple; just get it done. Inspired by a youtube video I had decided that I simply had to finish the project, dragging across the finish line kicking and screaming!


And yet, there is a light at the end of the tunnel! I have made the first of what is likely to be many blog posts! The site is not done, and it is highly likely to get large changes over time but the prototype is complete! ᕙ(  •̀ ᗜ •́  )ᕗ


Many thanks to one of my best friends, Safe. They helped me throughout the whole thing and I am almost certain without them this would have never been made, or I'd have at least taken a ton of shortcuts. I appreciate you so much! You will always have a spot in my heart

## (づ๑•ᴗ•๑)づ♡